Add docs for full stack application support (#10)
boostercloud/docs-site: source/includes/_08-deployment.md

If you make changes to your code, you can run `boost deploy` again to update your project in the cloud.

> ### Introducing booster full-stack applications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deployment of static pages and assets
```

> Booster now uploads your frontend application to the cloud too! Just follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Booster can deploy your static assets to the cloud too. To do so, follow the next steps:
```

> - Create a `public` directory in the root of your booster project

Reviewer: Right now what we're deploying is the folder `public/dist`. Check out this comment https://github.com/theam/booster/pull/87/files#r427215068

Reviewer 2: I think we could change it to deploy `public`. I added a response to that comment telling this

Author: I'm changing it to deploy the content of `/public`

- Put your frontend application inside

> And that's it! If you run `boost deploy`, both backend and frontend will be deployed and
> you should see a CloudFront URL in your console's output

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And that's it! If you run `boost deploy`, both backend and frontend will be deployed and distributed via CDN. You'll find the public URL in your console after deploy finishes.

> Note: In the current version, Booster expects that your application builds all its static assets in the `public/dist` folder, and that's the folder that will be published as the webroot. In future versions, this folder will be configurable, and `public` will be deployed by default instead.
```

Reviewer 2: Check: https://github.com/theam/booster/pull/87/files#r428587708
